There's two headlands in Fishguard Bay.
One is called Penanglas,
which is the one that sticks out above the harbor.
And the other one is called Dinus Island.
And Dinus Island isn't an island,
in fact, it's geological promontory.
But it's, up there is a place where you could stop.
You can take a bus there if you want to.
It's a little village, pretty little village,
but it's by the sea,
famous for the fact that the church
and most of the village got washed away in a big storm
about a couple of years ago.
So it's, what happened being washed away,
it's a pretty place and it's also good for swimming.
It's probably the best swimming spot in the area.